hi I'm Dave from special for sometimes I
get home from work and I'm just too
to cook and in those instances I like to
make a sandwich and not only a sandwich
but a hot sandwich hot sandwiches feel a
little bit more like dinner so today I'm
going to show you how to make a clock
Monsieur this is a recipe from Marilyn
Hunter our special Fork mommy blogger so
to get started I'm going to turn my pan
on I'm just gonna bring down that heat
to low and I'm gonna put my butter in
and get that melting meanwhile I'm going
to start to assemble the sandwich so the
first thing going to take some Dijon
mustard and we're just gonna spread that
all over both pieces of bread and I like
to be very generous with my Dijon here
almost there's a little bit more okay
that's perfect now we're gonna put in
some cheese and we'll just rip off a few
pieces so that it fits perfectly on the
bread a couple slices of ham and some
cheese again just swirl the butter
around okay now it's top this off now
I'm gonna work on the egg mixture I've
got an egg here crack that and I'm gonna
add some milk and a little bit of salt
and some pepper now we're just going to
whisk that up I've got a fork here mix
that together get it nice and combined
check on our butter just spread that
around a little bit more okay and we're
ready to coat the sandwich so we'll take
the bread get it in that mixture get it
nice and coated and now let's just put
that into our pan and now this is going
to cook until it's nice and golden brown
on each side about two to three minutes
per side okay so the sandwich is done
you can see that it's golden brown we're
going to turn the heat off I'll just
take it out and all we have to do is cut
this guy up and we are ready to eat for
more recipes and ideas on your
smartphone go to special 4.com
you